(Episode 18)
Really?
Did your life change...
after you put this on?
Yes.
I'm thankful for the coat,
but I'm also scared of it.
Yes, dark brown.
Seung Goo.
I'm leaving.
One second.
Have a cup of tea before you leave.
Then I'll tell Soo Ho to come here.
We have to be somewhere later.
That'd be wonderful.
Yes. Hello?
Who are you?
Sharon.
Seung Goo.
Seung Goo, you're alive.
Where have you been?
Seung Goo, you're still alive.
You haven't aged at all.
By the way, why do you look so shabby?
Did you fall or something?
Is she our customer?
She's Ms. Jung Hae Ra.
I'll go tell Baek Hee you're back.
Hae Ra, wait here.
I'm glad to serve such a pretty customer.
Please sit down. I'll get changed and come back.
Excuse me.
Yes?
What happened?
What do you mean?
You jumped into the river.
I probably did...
How do you know?
Seung Goo, let's have tea next time.
We talked.
I don't think she remembers me. No,
I think she's pretending not to know me.
Never go there again,
and ignore her if she contacts you.
What if she comes to our house?
Don't worry. We'll report her.
She never dies...
and lives forever, doesn't she?
Hae Ra.
Let's get married quickly.
Even if we get married,
you won't be inconvenienced,
and nothing will change.
I promise.
Still...
I want to give you a wedding present,
but right now, I'm...
I don't need a present.
All I need is you.
If you trust me, let's just do as I say.
Please?
Okay, I will.
Sharon?
Baek Hee.
I'm happy that you're alive too.
I came back very soon this time, right?
I was surprised.
You seem happy.
You look pretty.
It's good to see you and Seung Goo again.
The shop is still here too.
I'm so happy.
Seung Goo, bring us some tea.
I do not know when she will return,
but when she does,
please let her come back...
without the memory of...
Soo Ho and Hae Ra.
We do not know when her life will end,
but her life would be bearable...
without that memory, wouldn't it?
Hae Ra was here, wasn't she?
A young woman was here.
Do you know her too?
Don't you remember?
Seung Goo got us a new client while I was gone.
She was pretty, and she seemed nice.
If she comes back, I'll make her something pretty.
Then...
can you also make me something for spring?
Let's see.
I just thought of a design.
Wait here.
Seung Goo. What is that coat?
Isn't that Hae Ra's?
She returned it.
She said she enjoyed wearing it.
She said she was thankful, but also scared.
I'll keep that coat for a while.
Please put it in my car.
Let's see.
1pm. 3pm.
Does that work for the wedding photo shoot?
Yes. That's fine.
Then we'll go to work,
have lunch, then meet up.
I'll go pick you up.
Okay. Let's have a home wedding,
and invite only close friends.
But I want to throw you a grand wedding.
That's old fashioned.
Let's have a small, enjoyable wedding.
All right.
How about next Saturday for the wedding?
Okay.
We'll be so busy preparing for the wedding.
We have to go here together.
This one can start at 5pm.
Ms. Jang, are you in there?
Ms. Jang.
What brings you here?
I wanted to invite you first.
Hae Ra and I are getting married next week.
Really?
Congratulations.
I haven't heard such great news in so long.
It'll be a small home wedding.
I want you to be the officiant.
Goodness. How could I?
You can make it simple.
I really want you to be at our wedding.
I can't believe I'll be an officiant at a wedding.
I'm really going to make it simple.
Okay.
Ms. Jang.
Is Choi Seo Rin really back alive?
Thankfully, she doesn't remember you two.
I observed her carefully thinking that...
maybe she was pretending.
But she really doesn't remember.
How long will she live?
One can never know.
Please hold her hand.
Move in a bit closer.
That's great.
Please look at her in the eye.
1, 2, cue.
Okay. 1, 2, 3.
Here we go. 1, 2. Go.
That's great. Please smile more.
1, 2, 3.
Don't be shy. Look at the camera.
1, 2, cue.
Mr. Groom, please smile a bit more.
This is the last shot. One last time.
1, 2, 3, and cue.
- Good job. - How pretty.
Aunt Sook Hee, let's take one together.
Gosh, no. It's fine.
I thought you did your pretty make up for this.
What are you talking about? I'm always pretty.
Is there any dress that she can try on?
Laugh at the count of three.
1, 2, 3.
Here we go.
One last time.
Sir, please hold.
You're here.
Hello.
It's the most beautiful scene...
of my entire life.
What's that?
It's an outfit to ease their grudge.
Don't laugh awkwardly.
Please try posing.
Look over here, and here we go in 1, 2, 3.
Good job.
Let's do a bow this time.
You'll bow at each other.
Face each other.
- For real? - Yes.
- Let's do the bow. - Okay.
1, 2, 3.
Cue.
Now,
everything...
went back to normal.
Shall we take a photo with her?
Ma'am, please take a picture with us.
Let's do it.
Aunt Sook Hee, you too.
- Hurry. - Let's go.
- Come. - Okay.
- Stand here. - No, this is fine.
Look here, and 1, 2, 3.
Hello.
It's been a long time.
Did something happen?
Your shop was often closed.
It wasn't closed all the time.
I guess you visited at a bad timing.
I'll bring you some tea.
Thank you.
How have you been?
You look good.
You're the athlete student, right?
What?
The muscular trainer.
It's not funny.
Stop it.
How do we know each other?
It's a token of my gratitude.
You made me nice clothes.
I made you clothes?
You made me several decent suits.
Right, I remember.
Why did I make you suits?
Did we go out?
You're still off the wall.
How is it going with you and Mr. Moon?
Mr. Moon?
What do you think?
Don't you think the outfit was a nice idea?
Yes, I love it.
You're still in that dress.
I'll get changed already.
Yes, ma'am.
Have a seat.
Did you work out when you were little?
It was quite impressive.
What sport did you do?
I did almost everything.
I especially did a lot of kendo...
to hide the scar on my face.
That's right.
I think I saw you carrying...
a bamboo sword and a mask when you were young.
I have a fifth grade in kendo.
I have an instructor certificate too.
That's cool.
Can you teach me as well?
You don't need to learn how to do it.
Is that right?
When the photos are out,
send me some of them.
Ms. Jang.
Ever since that day,
my condition has gotten much better,
and I feel much stronger too.
It's just my feeling, right?
I'll call you when the photos are out.
Okay.
I'll get you a cup of water.
I guess she's suffered a lot.
Who?
Women are scary.
She was so obsessed with him,
but how could she...
Don't remind her of Mr. Moon...
by talking about him.
I'm so happy with...
how she is right now.
Hi.
Have a seat.
You changed the display.
What do you want to talk about?
I'm getting married with Soo Ho next Saturday.
Really?
We're inviting only those who're close to us.
You will come, right?
Of course, I will.
Congratulations, Hae Ra.
Thank you. Sorry I'm getting married first.
I'll pay a lot of gift money.
I'll give you pretty clothes as gifts too.
Be happy, my friend.
Are you crying?
I mean, you suffered so much,
and I'm glad you met a great guy.
Don't cry like a mom who marries off her daughter.
When I hung out with delinquents,
you slapped my cheek so I'd come to my senses.
You fought with them for me.
Thank you, Hae Ra.
Come on. Don't cry.
I'll see you at the wedding. Come with Gon.
Okay.
Bye.
- Bye. - Bye.
Why are you drinking alone like this?
Hae Ra is getting married...
next weekend at her house.
That's good.
Are we...
even getting married?
Forget it if you don't want to.
No.
I'll keep the secret until the end,
get married with you, and live happily.
They checked if you had a stroke,
but they found nothing unusual.
You had a heart attack due to excessive bleeding.
It's so strange.
No one has shown such a fast recovery.
Sharon...
stabbed you with her knife.
Your pulse was still beating,
so I hid the knife.
That knife.
The knife that's hidden.
Move him to a storage in Changwon.
Yes.
Make sure he gets two meals a day.
Dad.
Gosh, you idiot.
I can't believe you're drunk.
My ignorant,
foolish,
and...
And my poor little dad.
If you're drunk, just go and sleep.
Dad, let's stop here.
I can't protect you any longer.
Let's just stop, please!
What are you talking about?
Do you like money that much?
The only thing you can show off is the fact...
that you're a rich man's son.
Without money, you're nothing.
A rich man's son.
Am I not a criminal's son?
Don't worry about that, and go to sleep.
You timid fool.
Good morning. Let's start working out.
Mr. Choi?
One second.
Sure.
I heard you meet with Mr. Park often.
Then have you been acting as his spy?
His spy?
They want to know where Yoon Dal Hong is.
They caught me.
It means our contract is over.
Do you really abduct people...
and lock them up?
He's probably at a warehouse in Changwon.
He's not here.
Can we check that one?
They looked through every warehouse in Changwon,
and even abandoned houses and schools,
but he wasn't found.
They want to know where he's buried.
Tell them that I'll find him.
No matter if he's buried...
or if he's alive.
That's so tacky.
What did you say?
What is this? This is unnecessary.
This isn't your style.
Yes.
This is really awful.
Where have you been?
Why are you so out of it?
Is it because you're still jet-lagged?
Seung Goo.
May I borrow that ring?
It didn't work.
It feels like something is missing from me.
What is it?
Congratulations.
Thank you. We worked very hard.
Work harder. Like me.
Sure. Yes, I'll try harder just like you.
I'm sorry. I was helping the airport team.
- Ms. Jung. - Yes?
You must've had a great dream last night.
Pardon?
They recommended you to work two years overseas.
Really?
Congratulations, Hae Ra.
The chairman's sister-in-law's friend...
was a part of the reunion group.
She was really touched.
You were good to them knowing this, right?
That makes no sense.
She received...
the most thank you letters among everyone here.
She got promoted way too late,
and she never got to go overseas until now.
Anyway,
you finally get to go work overseas.
And it's Rome, Italy.
My gosh.
It's really close to...
Slovenia, your first travel destination.
Then when do I start?
After the first quarter.
You'll leave early April.
That fast?
Aren't you so glad?
Their dorm is as good as a hotel.
I'll visit you during Chuseok holidays.
Me too.
I hope you're joking.
Are you really going too?
Ju Hee, get to work.
If you're jealous,
then why do you want to go abroad?
I returned to Korea for you.
What should I do...
to live here like you?
Should I learn how to take pictures...
and speak Slovenian?
Why do you want to live here?
I want to leave...
from everything around me.
I never had a chance when I wanted to leave.
Why did it have to come now?
It's such a horrible thing,
so I never took it out after that day.
It's pretty sharp.
One second.
Did you turn the ring I gave you...
into matching rings?
No, he said it shouldn't be melted,
so Hae Ra is keeping it.
Can you show me that ring?
Sure.
They said I bled so much that my heart stopped.
But I do not see any wounds in my body.
Unseen powers must have protected you.
Even so,
I'm sure it can't erase scars.
It looks like a normal knife.
Yes?
Soo Ho.
May I take it and show it to her?
Of course.
Did you tell your boss about the wedding?
Not yet. Everyone was out,
and we were busy into the night.
I'll do it tomorrow.
Everyone at my work is thrilled...
to be at the party.
[VIU Ver] E18 Black Knight "You Can't Fool Me"
-= Ruo Xi =-
- Hello. - Welcome.
- Hello. - Hi.
Give it to me.
- I'll take it. - Thank you.
- Isn't it cold outside? - Yes.
Do you want something warm to drink?
I'll bring you some.
You two can talk.
- Please sit down. - Okay.
Will you get the bouquet at the wedding?
The wedding?
Mr. Moon and Ms. Jung are getting married...
next weekend.
Really?
But she's going to be working...
in the office in Rome for two years.
She won't get to enjoy her honeymoon phase then.
My mother-in-law sold her farmland...
and gave the money to me before she died.
I used that money to buy the house.
There's is no connection between the fire...
in the lab and me buying the house, sir.
Do you have proof?
I heard Jang Chul Doo was given money...
to make it look like...
it was cause by a short circuit.
At the time of the fire,
he was in the hospital for alcoholic rehab.
You can't believe all that, sir.
Come on.
Bring him in.
That's him.
The one who set the lab on fire for money.
I threatened him,
so he gave me a house and some land.
That money must have...
come from the construction firm.
The investigation is going well.
Mr. Park is holding out pretty well though.
Both your dad's case and Geumseong-dong...
will take time.
But I'm ready to wait with patience.
Why didn't you tell me about your transfer?
It would've been nice if you told me first.
Sorry, I was a bit dazed.
Anyway, I don't want you to go.
I don't want us to be separated.
Also, Rome is dangerous to be alone.
The same goes for anywhere.
No place is safe from terrorism.
Not just that,
I don't want to be away from you.
So I should just answer calls in the office?
You submit proposals,
and get compliments.
I'm sure better opportunities will come.
How do you know that?
I want to go to Rome office.
I told you since we first met.
I wasn't in your life then.
It's different now.
You're the most important person in my life,
but my life is important too.
So I want to go.
All right. Do as you please.
I'll wait.
We can cancel the wedding.
I have to go. I have a meeting.
No.
This isn't it.
Gosh.
What is it? What's wrong?
I feel like I lost my color, so I'm upset
I don't know what it is.
Darn it.
This is horrible.
Why are my designs so childish?
Should I meet with Moon Soo Ho?
If I remember him,
my ingenuity might come back.
I...
Well...
Why don't you sleep on it?
Sharon...
made a trick.
This ring is fake.
Sharon.
This isn't your style.
Did I lose it...
because I came back so soon?
I know this isn't it.
I feel like something is missing.
Is there something I'm not remembering...
or forgetting?
There's nothing like that.
Baek Hee.
Are you close with Moon Soo Ho?
Who is Moon Soo Ho?
They said I liked him a lot.
And he loved someone else.
There isn't a man who wouldn't like you.
Someone must've played a joke on you.
Don't believe that.
Right?
Turn to page three.
This is a new business proposal...
aside from Geumseong-dong project.
Please look at the appendix first.
On page three,
there are statistics.
Soo Ho.
Please take a look,
and feel free to ask questions.
You aren't crying, are you?
I'm sorry, I was wrong.
It'll be for two years only.
I'll visit you often.
I'm sorry.
Be happy about it since you're going anyway.
We'll video chat every day.
I'll visit you whenever I have time.
Soo Ho.
Thank you.
Thanks for coming.
- This is nice. - It's so wonderful.
- It's nice. - It is.
Don't they look great?
Finally, Hae Ra is getting married.
Even before you.
You two should get married soon.
We will.
When?
- That picture is nice. - Isn't it?
I think a small wedding like this is good.
It's all good as long as they love each other.
I can't do this in my house though.
- Congratulations. - Thank you.
Your house is really fabulous.
I'm so jealous that you're having a home wedding.
I would've done the same if I had a home like this.
Bride's waiting room is over there.
- Is it? - Is it?
Hae Ra.
What about them?
- They're all ready. - Thank you.
Congratulations.
There's a fierce competition...
on who'll catch your bouquet.
Throw it nicely later so that I can catch it.
Okay.
Gosh, are you nervous?
Yes.
Don't be.
Only your close friends are here,
so there's no need to be nervous.
You can do it.
Ju Hee, can you tell Soo Ho to come here?
- Can you do that for me? - Okay.
Maybe he got your telepathy.
We'll go take a tour around the house.
Let's go, Ju Hee.
We'll go look around.
- Okay. - See you.
Soo Ho.
I'm nervous. What should I do?
Are you okay now?
I'm still nervous.
Actually, I'm nervous too.
Yes?
The officiant is here.
We'll go out soon.
You look pretty.
You look good too.
- Congratulations! - Be happy.
Congratulations.
Congrats!
You look wonderful together!
How pretty. How nice.
- Hae Ra, look here. - Congratulations.
- Congratulations. - Be happy.
- Congrats! - How pretty!
- How handsome. - Congratulations!
Today...
is such a happy and grateful day.
I've waited this moment...
for more than 200 years.
I've waited for 330 years.
I guess it's better to make a short comment.
I want to say just one thing.
May you live...
happily ever after.
Thank you.
Groom, please say a word to your guests.
I'm finally getting married today.
You're the witnesses of our marriage.
Until the day I die,
I'll love only Hae Ra...
and live only for Hae Ra.
Thank you.
Bride, say a word too.
Thank you for being here at our wedding.
I'm so grateful...
to my first love, Soo Ho,
more than anyone else.
Don't cry, Hae Ra.
Don't cry.
Why would you cry?
- Don't cry. - Don't cry.
Don't cry.
I'll live life to the full and diligently.
Give each other a kiss.
Kiss each other.
- Kiss. - Kiss.
There you go.
They kissed.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
Baek Hee.
Where did she go?
What?
It's that customer from before.
What's this coat?
When did I make Baek Hee this coat?
I ordered a coat here...
and forgot to take it when I was little.
Let me be you.
Let's change each other's lives.
Ever since I wore this coat,
strange things keep happening to me.
I'm thankful for the coat,
but I'm also scared of it.
Why are you standing there?
How exciting!
1, 2, 3.
It was you.
My missing screw was you.
Sharon.
Welcome, Chul Min.
Seo Rin.
Long time no see.
I thought it was a prank call.
I heard you've become rich.
I kept my promise...
with you.
That's great, Chul Min.
Shall we give each other a hug?
I missed you, Seo Rin.
You're still the same as when you were young.
You're still cute.
Have a seat.
Let's have a drink and talk about the old times.
No, I don't want to.
I want to stay sober and see your face...
which hasn't gotten old at all.
I got old.
Seo Rin.
What's the secret?
Tell me how you manage to stay young.
It's the facial treatment.
Don't try to fool me around.
My pure love towards you is still the same,
but I'm not the naive and young Chul Min anymore.
I like your attitude.
It looks like we can really talk.
I've never been on a nationwide tour before.
Let's find the best restaurants...
and eat five meals a day.
Okay. I can do that.
Do you like it?
It's wonderful.
This is really great.
What is this?
When did you prepare all these?
People at my work did.
My gosh.
- Some champagne? - Sounds great.
Let's go.
Congratulations, my wife.
Congratulations, my husband.
What should we do now?
You deceived me and fooled me.
They had...
a very beautiful wedding.
It's all over.
I will make you pay for what you did.
Sharon.
This is...
as far as we go.
I don't have...
the confidence to deal with you.
Goodbye, Becky.
Let's eat dinner at these two places.
This place takes about 30 minutes by car,
and this takes an hour.
Isn't this place on our way tomorrow?
Then what should we eat for dinner?
Do you want me to cook for you?
What will you make?
I saw a fish market nearby.
Do you want spicy fish stew?
Aren't you craving something spicy?
I am. I'll go with you.
Get some rest. I'll do everything for you.
Then I'll just wash some fruit.
- Hae Ra. - Yes?
This isn't a dream, is it?
It's not a dream.
There it is.
Sharon's chic style.
What is it?
What's that?
It's an accident.
I think it's a real accident.
I think we should report this.
Right.
We're at the intersection by the railroad.
It's a huge accident.
You have to hurry.
What's going on?
May I borrow your phone?